outlook temperature humidity windy playtennis Classification
sunny hot high false n n
sunny hot high true n n
overcast hot high false p p
overcast hot high false n p
rain mild high false p p
overcast hot normal false p p
rain cool normal true n p
sunny mild high false n n
overcast cool normal true n p
sunny mild high false n n
sunny cool normal false p p
rain mild normal false p p
sunny mild normal true p p
overcast mild high true p p
overcast hot normal false p p
sunny mild high false n n
overcast cool normal true n p
sunny mild high false n n
sunny cool normal false p p
rain mild normal false p p
sunny mild normal true p p
overcast mild high true p p
overcast hot normal false p p
rain cool normal true p p
overcast cool normal true p p
sunny mild high false n n
overcast cool normal true n p
sunny mild high false n n
sunny cool normal false p p
rain mild normal false p p
sunny mild normal true p p
overcast mild high true p p
overcast hot normal false p p
sunny mild high false n n
overcast cool normal true n p
sunny mild high false n n
sunny cool normal false p p
rain mild normal false p p
sunny mild normal true p p
overcast mild high true p p
overcast hot normal false p p
sunny mild high false n n
overcast cool normal true n p
sunny mild high false n n
sunny cool normal false p p
rain mild normal false p p
sunny mild normal true p p
overcast mild high true p p
overcast hot normal false p p
rain mild high true n n
Accuracy: 43/50
